[Music]
a warm welcome to you we begin with a
United Nations report that's condemned
Israeli forces for killing and injuring
children the UN Secretary General says
he's appalled by the dramatic increase
in unprecedented scale of violations
against children in Palestine and Israel
Antonio ceras is calling them brutal
acts of Terror the UN verified
5,698 such violations by Israeli forces
last
year situations in the CAC report where
substantial increase in grave violations
were verified include a rise of over
155% violations over prior years in the
conflict in Israel and the occupied
Palestinian territory notably in Israel
the Gaza strep and the occupied West
Bank Hamas and Islamic Jihad committed
137 violations against children that's
according to the report it notes at
least 43 Israeli children were killed
during the October 7th attacks in
central Gaza is T abuo who's outside the
AL AXA hospital that's in De albala and
Tarak of course the UN in this report
focusing its attention on the suffering
of children in this conflict this as the
Israeli military pushes towards almasi
home of course up until now at least to
many
[Applause]
civilians well generally uh Palestinian
children were generally affected from
this ongoing military offensive across
this threat they have been multiply and
internally displaced from the houses
they were forced in instead of getting
education to line up for long hours in
front of water stations in order to get
some gallons of water to return back
with to their families in order to
survive and this is the Grim reality
we're talking about thousands of
Palestinian children being killed since
October the 7th and there are still
thousands right now being deprived from
having education and similar rights as
other children around the globe but this
is absolutely the Grim reality in the
strip now even in light of the Israeli
ongoing attacks on Al moas area this
place has been uh a general shelter for
thousands of Palestinian children who
Tred to follow the orders of the Israeli
military to seek refuge in Rafa this
area later that has t to be a battle
zone between Hamas Fighters and the
Israeli Army as gradually later the
Israeli military tanks started to
advance towards the al- masasi area
launching wide series of Israeli air
strikes targeting residential houses uh
alongside with makeshift shs but from
the Israeli side in official statement
they denied carrying out air strikes in
the humanitarian zones as people are
terrified from this ongoing Israeli
military offens of RA so far all right
tck many thanks for that TK Abu
inal all right let's go to the UN now
Gabriel Lando's standing by and Gabe the
UN of course very much the source of
these extremely damning findings how are
the details resonating
there well Virginia Gamba the spe
secretary General's special
representative for children and armed
conflict said that they are certainly
disturbing numbers that's putting it
mildly quite frankly there's a lot to
unpack in this report it's more than 100
pages long it is jam-packed with all
sorts of numbers but I just want to
highlight a couple of key points here
and that is uh the numbers cited in this
report as bad and and horrific as they
are on the number of Palestinian
children uh uh killed uh by Israeli
forces in Gaza the number in reality is
much higher and that's a fact because
the UN report only looks at cases uh
that the UN can independently verify and
access
particularly to the Gaza Strip is
incredibly difficult so they even say in
the report the reality of the numbers is
probably uh much higher than what they
can actually even put in this report and
there's a lot of detail in here as well
for example just give you two very quick
examples when it comes to the Israeli uh
military and government and Israeli
media sources saying that there was rape
perpetrated by Hamas fighters on October
7th against Israeli uh uh uh civilians
this report says they were not able to
confirm that independently even verify
that when it comes to human Shields
which you've heard a lot from Israeli
officials actually the report points out
to examples in occupied West Bank where
Israeli uh forces use Palestinian
children as human shield in certain
instances cited in this report so
there's a lot to unpack here but again
this is the first time ever that the
Israeli military and security forces
have ever been listed in this annual
report that comes out of course every
year by the UN on children in armed
conflict certainly a lot to grasp a lot
of reading here but the bottom line is
is the number of Palestinian particular
children uh uh killed maimed uh in
conflict is certainly way up it
certainly is way up indeed Gabriel
alander the UN thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz